idr0062 (#37)
ome/omero-guide-python: README.md

repo2docker .
```

Building locally using conda and Jupyter:

 * Create a conda environment i.e. ``conda env update -n stardist -f binder/environment.yml``
 * Activate the newly created environment

> The following steps are only required if you want to the notebooks

Reviewer: Something's missing here, "want to run the notebooks" maybe?

repo2docker .
```

Building locally using conda and Jupyter:

 * Create a conda environment i.e. ``conda env update -n stardist -f binder/environment.yml``
 * Activate the newly created environment

The following steps are only required if you want to run the notebooks

>  * If you have Anaconda installed:

Reviewer 2: This does not seem logical cf. the paragraph below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * If you have Jupyter installed:
```

Maybe like this ?

Author: Anaconda is correct

   * Start Jupyter from the Anaconda-navigator

>    * Select the notebook you wish to run and select the ``Kernel>Change kernel>Python [conda env:stardist]

Reviewer 2: This is not formatted correctly, let me see if I can make suggestion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Select the notebook you wish to run and select the ``Kernel>Change kernel>Python [conda env:stardist]``
```

maybe like this ?

 * If Anaconda is not installed:
   * In the environment, install ``jupyter`` e.g. ``pip install jupyter``
   * Add the virtualenv as a jupyter kernel i.e. ``ipython kernel install --name "stardist" --user``

>    * Open jupyter notebook i.e. ``jupyter notebook`` and select the ``stardist`` kernel if set or ``[conda env:stardist]`` if available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Open jupyter notebook i.e. ``jupyter notebook`` and select the ``stardist`` kernel or ``[conda env:stardist]`` according to what is available
```

Reviewer 2: suggesting that above as was not sure why to use two wordings (``if set`` and ``if available``).
Reject if not appropriate
